Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Hey guys. it's Olivia
and welcome to my channel.
This is my very first vlog.
so sorry if it's a little bit shaky.
So I just recently moved to
New York to pursue modeling
and so far I've been going on
castings. test shoots. and uh.
getting lost.
A lot.
My dream is to walk in the
Biggest Night in Fashion
and wear those gorgeous wings.
That'd be literally life changing.
- Thank you.
- When I came here.
I knew I wasn't gonna be
right for every client.
- I love New York.
Come on.
Things here move pretty fast.
There's always an event to
go to. someone new to meet.
Here to support my friend
Mia at Fashion Week.
Check out her amazing
makeup at miakaibeauty.com.
- Hi.
And here is the beautiful.
the amazing Giovanna handbag.
- Really?
You try to eat right. but
just in case you forget...
In this industry. there's
quite a bit of pressure
to grow your following. build your brand.
We may not have the beach in
New York. but we have this.
It's a tough job. but
somebody's gotta do it.
I have chocolate in my hair.
Just a quick hello to my new followers.
Another 5.000 of you this week.
Biggest Night in Fashion just posted.
They're looking for models
who are influencers.
That means every view.
every subscriber counts.
Just woke up to 10.000 subscribers.
Heading to LA for a last-minute
booking. I can't wait.
- 20K today!
Sending these to Biggest Night.
Sexy. sexy.
Another day. another plane.
See you back in New York.
It is way too cold for this.
- The girls in Biggest Night
are all like six-feet tall.
or they're influencers
with huge followings.
At least there's one
thing I can actually grow.
Guys.
100.000.
200.000.
I'm gonna be filming every day now.
so let me know what you
think in the comments below.
Just got done with a great photo shoot.
Really hope my mom doesn't see that.
Drum roll. please.
250.000.
300.000.
400.000.
500.000.
Thank you. guys.
- Just got a call from my agent and
I have a casting with the
Biggest Night people. Friday.
Finally.
Biggest Night casting today.
These are my lucky shoes.
Gotta go.
- Are you getting your content together?
- Yeah. Mia's here.
- Good. good. Just remember.
footy. or it didn't happen.
- Sorry. Can't help it.
- Baby. I better go.
- All right. well. good luck.
Go smash it. little monkey.
I love you. too.
"Little monkey"?
- Yeah. so?
- I just puked a little.
-  Whatever.
This is it. guys. Biggest
Night in Fashion casting call.
I'm walking for Mark and Jane today.
and only one girl here
is going to Hong Kong.
So how was it?
- I think I was too nervous.
The lights. the girls.
That is definitely the most
pressure I've felt at a casting.
I'm sure it was fine.
- We'll see.
- Hey guys. I'm at my favorite
brunch place in the city.
Mia and Riley are here. Say hi.
- Hi.
- Hi. guys.
The food here is so good.
This is my Eggs Benedict
with French toast.
Everyone's enjoying themselves. right?
- Definitely.
Riley. are you gonna eat that?
- Eventually.
- It's the casting director.
- It's the Universe.
- It's pay day!
Girl. put it on speaker phone.
- Hello?
Hey. it's Mark
Sharaman from Biggest Night.
How are you?
- I'm good. thank you.
So. what are your
plans on December 12th?
- I'm pretty sure I'm available.
Well. that's good
because we want to introduce you
to about six million people.
- Are you serious?
It's official.
You're flying to Hong Kong for
the Biggest Night in Fashion.
- Holy shit!
Oh. my god. I'm so sorry.
Oh. my god. I got it!
- I'm so proud of you!
- What?
We need our drinks. ladies.
- To Liv.
My friend and total goddess.
Yes. what do you wanna
say to the people watching?
- Thank you for believing in me.
And?
- And...
- And?
- And get ready. I'm gonna work it.
Woo! Biggest Night!
- Biggest Night.
- He's here. Let's go get him.
Hi!
Oh. is... Hold
on. hold on one minute.
You left your luggage.
- I couldn't wait. I couldn't wait. love.
- Guys. this is Jules.
- Hello.
- Poor Jules. He always
struggles with his luggage.
Your backpack is open.
Hey guys.
It is Jules' first day in the city.
so I'm gonna show him around a little.
and then we're gonna
look at some apartments.
Are you excited?
He's a little jet-lagged.
Are you ready.
sleepyhead? How's your hair?
- Oh. it's good.
- You're such a diva.
Okay. let's go.
So we're heading over to
see the first apartment.
This one is definitely in our
price range. which is good.
- Mm-hm.
- And then I think we'll eat some lunch
and go see a building in the East Village.
Okay. guys. so we just checked it out
and you really didn't miss much.
I don't know.
What do you think. Jules?
You seemed to like it.
- I like the price. We can afford it.
- I don't care if it's
free. I'm not living there.
So how's that New York pizza?
- Mm-hm.
- So this is the East Village.
A lot of tiny streets
and interesting shops.
I feel good about this next building.
and Jules has promised
to keep an open mind.
Isn't that right. baby?
I think it's just right there.
Going up.
- I don't think so.
- Okay. I really hope they fix that.
- Seriously.
- 9th floor.
- Not a fan of that.
- Okay. let's go.
- Yeah. let's go.
- Hey. I almost gave up on you.
- Hi. I'm sorry. We got lost.
It's okay. I'm Leo.
- Olivia.
- Julian.
- Hey. nice to meet you two.
- Front door.
- Yeah. so this unit
is larger than the others we talked about.
Bloody hell.
- Yeah. it's an airy space.
My wife calls it "the angel's nest".
- Oh. I love that.
Whoa.
What?
You like that. huh?
Who's the woman in black?
- Yeah. she's an antique.
She comes with the building.
Yeah. this whole floor used to be
a Russian coat factory until 1989.
The loft conversion.
however. is fairly recent.
So as you can see. you have
updated appliances over here.
Michelin rated.
- Oops.
Babe.
- Right. sorry. I'll call ya.
Hey. to each his own. pal.
- What about the neighborhood?
- Oh. yeah. it's very safe.
It's perfect for a young couple.
- Is there a window open?
- Oh. let's take a look.
Look at this closet.
Fantastic. am I right?
It's freezing.
Yeah. the ventilation is good.
Oh. yeah. the cleaning
lady found that yesterday.
You can have whatever's in
there. I'll throw that in.
All right.
what do you think. hon?
I'm not sure.
- Well. I've got a cheaper
place over on 28th.
Hon. the meter's runnin'. Anyone home?
You know what. why
don't you give us a minute?
- Hey. whatever you need.
Are you all
right? You seem a bit off.
- This place speaks to me.
Are you serious?
- We should stay here. from now on.
Don't
you wanna think about it?
Maybe come back tomorrow when
there's a bit more light?
- Yeah. it's still available.
914. that's right. Yep.
Just a second. Yeah. hon?
- I'll take it.
- Are you sure?
- This is it. This is home.
Look what I have!
- What you got there. babe?
- I got approved.
Because of the holiday weekend.
we won't have power until tomorrow.
so I guess we'll light some
candles and make it romantic.
- Yeah. it's gonna be more
like camping.
- It's still romantic.
Are you okay?
- No. I'm not.
But you're having so much fun!
- Right.
- He loves me.
- Hello. folks! Jules here.
Well. I've been looking
for something for Olivia
'cause I've wanted to get
her a special little present.
Something one of a kind. Vintage. maybe.
Seek and ye shall find.
"What's in the box.
Jules? What's in the box?"
Well. I can't tell you that
right now. but trust me.
I found something in this box
that Liv will absolutely love.
and I can't wait to give it to her.
So if you wanna see that and a lot more.
go on ahead and subscribe.
Cheers.
- On my way to NoHo to see my agent.
She's a scary woman. I'm not gonna lie.
- I assume you're on a diet?
- Yeah. I mean. of course.
- You just need some fresh
editorial in your book.
I'll call Linda at Harpers.
Did they
say how much I'll get paid?
- You need to stop filming now.
Okay.
- Big surprise. The elevator's dead.
You can do it!
- I just passed someone on
six. He gave up and died.
He's so dramatic.
- What was that?
- I said you're so romantic?
Are those for me?
- No. they're for my funeral. darling.
I do wanna give you something. though.
Uh. not out
here in the hallway.
- Not that. yet.
Well. I know I don't
bring a lot to the table.
until I get a job and all
that. but I think I can be
a big help with the
camera. editing. all that.
Baby. you're
already helping me so much.
I'm not worried about the money.
- Still. I wanted to get you something.
What is all this?
Wait. you hold it. I
wanna show this on camera.
Yeah. I had
to get a chain for it.
I know it's not much. but uh-
- Are you kidding? It's everything.
It's beautiful.
Antique.
Where'd you find this?
Oh. let's just say it found me.
Key to my heart. darling.
- I love it.
So I'm gonna do this
little clay mask and try on
my new key
necklace from Jules.
Are you done in there?
- Just a second!
So we're all cozy on the floor.
Some of us more than others.
My back is killing me.
- We should've just stayed at Mia's.
I know. baby.
I'm just grumpy. I'm
sorry. Go back to sleep.
Well. good night.
I will see you guys in the morning.
Good morning. guys.
I'm doing an early press day for BN
and I am here with my
personal beauty pro. Mia Kai.
- Is it always this cold in here?
- And you. out the way.
Sorry. love.
How about you.
babe? Are you ready for us?
- Definitely ready.
I love you.
And her.
- Say it.
Say it.
- What?
Liv. it's early.
- Oh. come on.
- I'll get you. my pretties!
I love it when she does that.
- We're ready to roll.
- Okay!
Let's get beautiful.
So. I've got my face on and
what do we call this one?
- Rose all day.
- That's it. I love it.
Ta-da!
- Oh. yeah. that's it.
- Absolutely perfect.
Love it.
- I'm red carpet ready. guys.
Be sure to check out my
live feed at two pm Eastern
and see you downtown.
- I just did my first
press conference for BN.
Now we're heading into the
media tent for some interviews
and I actually have no
idea what I'm doing.
- Good to meet you.
- You too.
- Joining us now is the
stunning Olivia Song.
- Thank you. Hi.
- Not only are you the newest BN Goddess.
but you are the first ever Korean woman
to walk the Biggest Night in Fashion.
Do you feel any added pressure?
- I don't think so. but now
that you've mentioned it...
- Well. it certainly is
a big moment. isn't it?
- It is.
- As someone with a
very. very popular vlog.
is there anything that you
won't do or show on camera?
- If it's happening in my
life. it's probably on video.
My channel is very raw and real.
Did you hear that?
Baby. are you awake?
Shit.
Oh...
What the fuck?
- Front door.
- Hello?
So. there's this note
that says "I'm here."
Maybe he already fixed it.
Good.
- Front door.
- Hi. I'm Rasto. the building Super.
Your boyfriend. he say there is problem.
Yeah. I got your
note. It's still happening.
- Mm. but I not look at it yet.
But you were
here earlier. I got...
It doesn't matter. Can you look at it now?
Please. don't film me.
- So. I am happy to report
we have first world plumbing again.
- Oh. yeah. it's all good.
It was nothing in the end.
Yeah. we've got a bed. we've got power.
We've even got this!
- Where did you get that?
- 1980.
- Actually. I found it on
the street for a fiver.
Do you wanna watch that tape?
- Not really.
- Come on.
Could be a bit of fun.
- It's not gonna be porn.
Here we go.
- I'd like to see her smile.
Oh. this how they always start.
Tell him your name.
- I'm Tatiana from Odessa.
Yeah. you are.
And what do you say?
- I'm happy to do with great pleasure.
Baby. this
is weird. Can we stop?
Hold on.
It's just getting good.
This is
a very special beauty.
This is Valya. from Kiev.
- My god. she is... Wow.
She just
take a bath for you.
Fresh and clean.
I'm not watching this.
What? Why?
- Come on. let's go to bed.
Baby.
Baby. wake up. It's happening again.
- What?
The bathroom.
The water's running.
Weren't you just in there?
- No.
Well. can you go check. please?
- I'm sleeping.
Don't make me
go in there by myself.
- All right. I'm right behind you.
Come on.
- Here. give me that.
- I think it's getting worse.
I think I just pissed
myself. Are you happy?
Oh. you are so done.
Consider your happy life officially over.
- Oh. it's over. huh?
- Over. Done.
- Oh.
- Mm-hm. mm-hm.
Uh-uh. get away from me.
- Oh. it was worth it.
- Oh. no.
No more fun for you. mister.
- Oh. what? Little monkey.
- No! Don't "little monkey" me.
- Oh. come on!
- You're so mean.
My name is Olivia and I'm an alcoholic.
Hi. Olivia.
- You can't be this cute.
- Oh. but I am.
Oh. look at that! The rum is here.
- Put that back. It's for our guests.
Sorry.
- Babe. you really wanna be helpful?
Throw out that box and get dressed.
Oh! No more sexy time?
What? Is the lift on the blink. eh?
It's condemned.
- Condemned?
- Da.
That's serious.
- Hey. kid.
- Yeah. mate?
- Where are you going with that box?
- Just the rubbish chute.
-  I knew it.
Boxes get stuck in chute.
Trash gets stuck in chute.
It stink up whole floor.
You must put in dumpster from now on.
Right. Didn't know that.
- Yes. Well. you do now.
- Cheers. mate. Sorry.
- Yes.
Hey. kid! Kid. kid. kid!
- Yeah?
- So. what is it with you and this camera?
Well. my girlfriend
is a model. so we just shoot
everything. you know. life.
really. but just everything.
- And now my life. too?
Do you not wanna be on camera?
- I like privacy. Is Russian way.
Hm?
Right. Sorry about that. mate.
Cheers.
- "Cheers. cheers."
"Cheers."
- I got ya.
Uh-oh!
No one tell trash police.
Dosvedanya. comrade.
Hold on. mate. Open me one.
I've got to shoot here and everything.
- Come on!
- We got too excited.
I know. I'm trying
to document and everything.
You leave me out.
- What is this. like our third cheers?
- There we are.
- Cheers.
- Look in the eyes.
- Yeah.
Not bad. Although.
I do miss a good kebab.
I didn't even think
we had any orange juice here.
- You can pose her. if you want.
- I'm all right.
- It's him. not you. Don't worry.
- As long as you're
vlogging. I'm down to rap.
but you gotta feature me on your vlog.
- Um. as of right now. yes.
Yeah. come on. mate.
You got somethin' else up your sleeve?
What we got. what we got?
- Yeah. yo.
whenever I gotta do it
the better I give it to ya
whenever I write a lyric
ending and never will lie to ya
on the mic right now
out. hype right now
your mic might sound
mic right now like aww
- That was awesome.
- All right. all right!
- Yeah. cheers.
- So I say to him.
we need to come see
y'all's haunted apartment.
And then he suddenly
don't wanna come no more.
- It's not haunted.
it just needs a bit of maintenance
and maybe we have rats.
- Nah. I don't do rats.
- Would you rather it be something else?
- Well. I ain't fuckin'
with no ghosts either.
- Guys. this is my dream apartment.
but the elevator has problems.
the water is definitely questionable.
- It's gross.
- You guys think I should break the lease?
- Girl! I think you
should break the Internet.
Just think about how many views
you've had since you moved in.
You should get yourself one of them
Ouija boards or somethin'.
- What?
- This is a fashion vlog.
it's not Paranormal-whatever.
- But it could be.
You should've set up a camera
the moment you started seeing
weird shit or hearing weird shit.
You know how many people would
watch if you did a seance?
Oh. shit.
That's why my baby gets paid.
- Right? Like conjure it up!
I wouldn't do that.
Why not?
- Being in media is not
the same as being a medium.
- Why don't you do some
of your witchy shit
and help a girl go viral?
- It's not that easy.
- Hold up. Are you a Wiccan?
Recovering Catholic.
- You know. I could set up a live feed.
If we're gonna stay.
we might as well get something out of it.
Could be fun.
Well. it looks like someone
is counting shoes. Not sheep.
Brilliant.
What're you doing. Liv?
Just disappearing in the
middle of the night. eh?
Oh. that's normal.
Got ya.
What the...
Where you at?
Christ.
Christ!
Fucking hell. Liv!
That's very good.
The detail is intense.
I thought you hated her.
- She's beautiful.
Okay?
- Take off your shirt. please.
Wait here.
- I'm going on record
to say. no more parties.
no more distractions.
It's unprofessional.
Especially when you need to
look your best for the clients.
Jules was sweet about it. though.
He promised to stop scaring
me with the mannequin.
But I put a wig on it
just to weird him out.
But seriously. starting today.
I'm all about the business.
- Care to step into my office?
No. I wanna film
that segment we talked about.
Karen thinks I need more health
and beauty-based content.
- Yeah. it's just so boring.
Maybe to you. but
people like it. so chop-chop.
- Did you drop the camera?
Get it wet or something?
No.
- This footage is all glitchy.
Are you trying to
get out of shooting today?
Is this your "technical
difficulties" excuse?
- No.
- Well. come on. I'm all set up in there.
So. a lot of you have
been asking about my diet.
and what I do to look and feel my best.
To make my favorite smoothie.
I literally just use tons of
fresh fruit and leafy greens.
Oh. my god!
What's wrong?
- What did you do to this?
I washed it. that's it.
- Okay. you need to smell this.
- What?
- It smells like a foot.
- Whoa. good god.
- See?
Okay. just cut it.
Take two. Sadly. I had
to throw my produce out.
Jules showered with it. clearly.
I also really love coffee smoothies.
Especially in the morning
when I need an extra kick.
which is basically every day.
So. let's blend.
Okay. Must be the base.
Did we blow a fuse?
- Can you just not break my things. okay?
- What?
Bugger that.
This is getting ridiculous.
Sounds like they're
practically in the closet.
This goes on all hours of the night.
At first. Liv was the only
one that noticed and...
Well. now she sleeps right
through it.
You up. darling?
Yeah. out cold.
And earlier. I could've sworn
something grabbed my foot.
Probably Liv. She can
be quite the snuggler.
Isn't that right. little monkey?
It's all right. it's all
right. it's all right.
It's just a dream. Liv.
- You're gonna die. You're gonna die!
- No. no. no. no. I'm just right here.
We're fine. I'm fine. You're fine. love.
It's all right. wake up. It's okay.
Liv. just wake up.
Shh.
You're all right. I've got you.
It's early.
How much did all that cost?
- Trust me. we need it.
Boom.
- Okay. so it was expensive.
Why?
It's a webcam. darling.
Now we can livestream to
your page 24 hours a day.
How do I know when it's on?
- Oh. it's always on.
but that red light means it's recording.
- I was afraid you were gonna say that.
Listen. you
just got 1.000 comments
about your blender.
Even I admit that was bizarre.
All right. all right.
It senses movement and it tracks it
and we have night vision.
- "We?"
If something
so much as farts in here.
we're gonna catch it.
- And when do I get to be off camera?
- What would be the point of that?
That is my camera app
telling me that we're live.
Hello.
I'm going back to bed.
- We're tapping into
something special here. love.
Something we can monetize.
Do you work today?
Someone has
to pay for all this.
Wakey wakey.
She's a heavy sleeper.
It's time to get up. darling.
Ah. brilliant.
Liv. darling.
Liv!
- What?
Look at my skin.
It's total shit.
And I have a photo shoot today.
I tried to reschedule
and the photographer
is in town for one day.
Babe. you're gonna be late.
Very late.
- Somebody borrowed this.
Gross.
Bitch.
Hey. can I see that?
Whoa.
Maybe not.
We need some help today.
- Yeah.
- All right. listen.
This is all about relaxed luxury. yeah?
Slouchy style.
Like all of this belongs to you. yeah?
Sweetheart?
Am I addressing the living?
- Yeah. I heard you.
- All right. let's try something.
Nice.
Eyes on the prize.
Okay.
All right. here we go. Looking right here.
Breathe through the mouth. Eyes. eyes!
Okay.
Let's try again.
More confidence this time. yeah?
All right. ready with
the eyes. One. two...
What's going on?
Did you sleep last night?
- Yeah.
- Well. it doesn't look like it.
- Well. I did. okay?
- You're not fresh.
Are you on something?
Listen. sweetheart. it's real simple.
You either pull your shit
together. or we're done.
- Fuck off.
- Hey. turn that shit off.
Go on! Get out!
- Julian here. Welcome to my crib.
Let's go meet my supermodel girlfriend.
There are few creatures in nature
as beautiful as the fashion model.
Having migrated to the couch.
she is calm. but still dangerous.
Lucky for us. she's been sedated.
and shows little interest
in defending her territory.
Don't touch me.
Who pissed in
your Cheerios?
Just go away.
Are you for real?
Oi. you should get that.
I can't.
Well. you better.
Liv.
- Fine.
I've been calling for
over an hour. Where are you?
- I'm at home. I don't feel well.
You better be dying. Olivia.
after what you pulled today.
My girls don't walk off set like that.
Patrick thinks you have a
drug problem. you know that?
If Biggest Night hears
that kind of talk. it...
- Hello?
Karen?
Shit. it's dead.
Give me your phone.
I'm using it to-
- Give it to me.
Are we live right now?
You went live without fucking telling me?
I admit I made a mistake.
I'm sorry.
What can I do?
Come on. you can't bloody
kill me over one mistake.
- Why not?
- Front door.
Hello?
Hello. Jules here.
Many of you have commented about Olivia's
lack of activity on this channel.
On Friday. she got some very
bad news and it turns out
she will not be going to
Hong Kong for the show.
At this point. all I can do is support her
and I will continue to support her.
Ironically. this channel is
now our only source of income.
so we will. even though it's difficult.
continue to stream and create content.
but we appreciate your
understanding in this.
Cheers.
Babe! Are you all right?
Liv.
Darling. what's going on?
- I'm fine.
Really. I mean. it could be the
birth control. the stress...
- So. she's okay and
the bleeding's stopped.
They gave her a diazepam. so
she's much more relaxed now.
and we're waiting on a few
more tests to come back.
but it does look like this
was just stress related.
I know.
So. her tests look okay.
She was dehydrated and her
glucose levels were low.
but she'll be able to go home tonight.
- Really? You don't need
to keep her overnight?
- Do you know how she got those bruises?
She said at the gym.
- Hm.
We're gonna put in a
referral for counseling
and also a follow up
with her gynecologist.
In the meantime. make sure she
has enough to eat and drink.
Maybe you could cook for her.
Sure.
- That could be something
you could do. so.
I'll be back with her paperwork.
- Great. thank you.
- All right.
A little bit of
comfort Alfredo going here.
Just gotta whack a bit more cheese on it
and I think we're good.
Yeah. easy peasy.
Liv! Come here. you've gotta try this.
What're you doing?
I made us a bit
of food. Here. give it a try.
Just hold on. Let me get your reaction.
- You know I can't eat that.
- I just figured now. maybe.
you know. you could just
have a few bites now?
- It smells like shit.
Babe?
Babe. you've been in
there for over an hour.
I'm sorry about the
food. About what I said.
You should know. I'm just
trying to take care of you.
I spoke to Rasto about the rat traps.
He's gonna be coming by later.
Right.
Well. I'll just be out here.
Let's see if we can
cheer her up with a robe.
There it is.
That's not possible.
No shit.
Oh. this is fucked.
Wait a second.
What is this?
All right. let's finish this.
This is
a very special beauty.
This is Valya. from Kiev.
- My god. she is... Wow.
She just
take a bath for you.
Fresh and clean.
It's nice to meet you.
What is she doing?
- No. not yet.
We have ways of putting
her in a better mood.
Rasto?
Bring the box.
- She speaks German?
Valya.
I want her.
No!
You're never
coming out. you hear me? Never!
That's our bloody mannequin.
- Valya?
Stop!
Liv! Get out!
You've gotta see this!
Liv.
Did you hear me?
Wait. Don't get out.
- Front door.
- Was that you?
Liv?
- Front door.
Liv!
Armed stay.
- Shit.
I just uploaded
something very disturbing
and I'm not sure what to make of it.
If you've seen it.
then you know I've been
locked out of my flat.
Whatever's going on with
Liv. it's getting worse.
I feel like I just need
to get her out of there.
but I don't know how.
Short of practically kidnapping her.
Either way. I guess I'm
gonna figure it out.
- Thanks for coming.
- Are you okay?
- I don't know. it's bad.
That's my bloody building.
- October 20th. 1991.
- Let me see that.
"FBI officials have released the names
of two Ukrainian women who were rescued
from a former coat factory
in Lower Manhattan.
Tatiana Somova and Darya Bukareva."
- Is there anything
about a Valya in there?
- No. just Tatiana and Darya.
- What if she didn't make it out?
- I didn't find any record of Valya.
Maybe she escaped?
- Maybe her ass is up there haunting her.
- There's definitely
something up there with her.
- Everything Liv is experiencing.
depression. insomnia. anger.
These are all symptoms of residual energy.
What is that?
- When a traumatic event occurs.
it leaves a powerful imprint
on the place it happens.
These negative feelings.
like Valya's rage.
persist long after the incident itself.
Now. I'm not sure what
lingers in that apartment.
but it's strong enough
pull Liv down with it.
- Front door.
- Hello?
That's the Super.
- Is anybody home?
I have those traps.
- If he's in there. the door's unlocked.
Our best chance is to go. now.
We're going home.
What?
- You need me to make some
phone calls. get a locksmith?
No problem.
You need some food or a
place to stay? I got you.
But this? No. I'm sorry. I'm
not going back in that place.
- You're bullshit. you know that?
You act tough until it's
time to do something.
What do we do?
- You ever made a sage bonfire?
- Is it live?
- Yeah.
I'm Julian Nash.
The purpose of this live video
is to document what's happening.
I'm here for Olivia and that's it.
I'm not leaving without her.
Do mine.
All right.
- My name is Mia Kai.
I'm going live today to help
a friend that is unwell.
As an empath. I'll use my
gifts to cleanse both her
and this apartment of negative energy.
invoking the protection
of healing light and love.
Ready?
Yeah. let's go.
- Lights?
No. there's nothin'.
- Liv?
Olivia. darling.
Where's the mannequin?
- What was that?
- I'm right behind you.
- There's nothin'.
Olivia!
What's this?
What the...
Oh. thank god. Olivia.
Come closer.
I ask to be surrounded
with divine white light.
and call on angels to support
me and come to my aid.
Are you fucking kidding me?
- You should clear your
mind. Anger makes it worse.
All right.
- Negativity of this sacred space.
I banish you by light of grace.
You have no hold or power here.
I stand and face you with no fear.
Armed stay.
Damn it!
Be gone forever. you will obey.
From this space. you must away.
- Fuck!
What?
- This isn't residual energy.
We can relight it. yeah?
We've still got the candles. the salt.
- I'm making things worse.
- You said you could fix this.
You could remove the stain.
- I'm sorry. I don't think
this was a good idea. I. I-
No. no. no! No.
Mia. I know she's here.
We've gotta find her.
I can feel it.
- I sense something else.
- Well. you were wrong about the energy.
Maybe you're wrong about this.
Listen. we've gotta do this.
Please. Mia. I'm asking you.
I'm fucking begging you. Don't give up.
Mia. what...
Please. Mia. open the door.
- Baby. what's wrong?
You're acting so strange.
What?
- Hold on. Let me get a
shot of your reaction.
- No. don't do that.
You're not Olivia.
I'm your little monkey.
Don't you love me anymore?
- Christ. what is this?
- I took a bath but now
I'm all dirty again.
Help me clean up this
mess and then come to bed.
- What?
- I gotta go.
Someone's coming.
- What?
Who? Who's coming?
Mia.
- She's here.
I saw her face.
Is she all right? Is she hurt?
- Front door.
- You should go. now.
No. I've gotta help her!
- Don't.
No.
No. somebody! Somebody open the door.
Somebody please open the door!
Okay.
Do not be alarmed.
We are experiencing a
temporary power interruption.
Shit.
Come on.
Light. light.
Oh. no.
Oh. please. please.
Please.
This elevator is full.
Oh. god.
Did you see her?
Hold on. mate.
I'll be right back.
What is that?
I'm here.
Bloody hell.
Olivia?
Christ.
Bloody hell.
Oh. they locked her in here.
That's why she was never found.
Valya?
God. if you're there.
please help me find Olivia.
God.
911 emergency.
- Trapped in my flat and I'm bleeding.
- Hello?
- What?
If you'd like to
make a call. please hang up.
If you need help. hang up
and then dial your operator.
- If anyone can see this.
I'm at 235 East Third Street.
Flat 914.
To my mum...
I'm sorry.
Sorry I'm not there with you.
To Liv's family...
I'm sorry I didn't take
better care of your daughter.
Just wanted to do something
to make you proud of me.